This girl woke up just in time
It makes you feel good when you're awake.
Who are you?
Stinky bitches, I won't kill you today
I believe you are just simply seeking sex
Whoever pays to find you, I will be in my last life
I hate you rich people the most
I don't care
Why are you talking so much to this stinky bitch?
Want me to teach him a good lesson
Wait, the boss is calling.
The boss is awake
Chen Ling, I have warned you.
Don't be haunted by ghosts anymore
Or I'll strangle you
It's as simple as strangling an ant
Give you another chance to leave the dust
Never come back
I don't see you.
I'm not going anywhere.
The mouth is so hard, I'll leave it to you
Tune it well
Life or death
Ah, whether he's temporary or addicted
I can't lose him
boss
Miss Chen Lin, she is missing.
What!
Find me